I didn't say this because we
were in front of the kids.
But what you did was...
a premeditated crime.
How many times do I have to explain?
I wasn't in my right mind then.
I went there out of anger.
I couldn't do anything.
Don't lie. I heard
everything from Tae Yang.
You failed on your second try.
You already took the respirator
off much earlier.
Did you think I wouldn't know?
What? What do you mean?
When did I take the respirator off?
I just went to the hospital.
I ran away because Tae Yang saw me.
I didn't do anything.
Is that true?
I'm asking you.
Are you saying the truth?
Did you only go to the hospital...
that one time when I found you?
Yes, I don't know anything
about the earlier incident.
I swear that was my first time.
That means the real culprit is another person.
Someone really tried...
to kill father.
Who could that be?
Who tried to kill the chairman?
There is someone.
Only one person would do that.
I brought some sushi that you like.
You went through a lot today. Eat this and cheer up.
This is so dirty and cheap. I can't do this anymore.
16 percent of the shares belongs to Mom.
Why do I have to remain next to Dad and beg like a beggar?
I'm just going to give up the shares...
and live luxuriously with Dad's money.
Have you forgotten what those shares mean?
You wouldn't have those shares if your mom didn't die.
And you want to give them up?
What should I do then? The fight is already over.
Mom left it in her will,
but he didn't register me on his family register.
How can I win his biological son?
Until now, I could remain next to Dad by all means.
Dad won't care at all next time...
unless I die.
I'm going to end things here to live. Do you understand?
You will gain one thing if you end it here.
But you will be able to gain 10 things if you wait a little longer.
What side will you choose?
What power do you have to make that kind of magic happen?
Not me.
We will make that happen.
We?
Who are you talking about?
If Joo Ae Ri wants something more than marrying you,
the chairman might be in danger.
Tell me who "We" are.
You should never tell...
anyone about this.
Do you think I'm stupid? Tell me, who is it?
Do you know that we received a large amount of money last year...
because of redeemable convertible preference shares from...
Goldman Partners when we established the Beijing branch?
I heard that they took more than 30 percent of the shares.
What about that?
If we don't list it by this year,
we will have to repay that all at once.
But there aren't any problems.
Beijing is holding out well.
We're ranked number one among franchises in Korea.
That's right.
There haven't been any problems yet.
What are you talking about?
What do you mean by "yet"?
Do you mean...
Are you crazy?
The company will be ruined.
The company won't be ruined. Chairman Kevin will be.
Just endure until then.
You'll earn money...
and something more precious.
More precious?
What is that?
You'll get back what you lost three years ago.
I was in doubt when Ru Ri told me that.
Everything was too meticulous for one woman to carry out.
I'm sure that she has an accomplice.
Shouldn't we tell your father about this right now?
Of course, we should.
But we need definite proof first.
If there was someone who took the respirator off as you said,
can't we check the security footage of the hospital?
The footage was erased last time, so I couldn't see it.
I'll check again.
Okay.
Tae Yang.
You're his only blood relation.
Stay by his side even if it's tough.
Tell me whenever you need my help.
You must have been waiting for a long time.
It took me some time to find this place because I've never been here.
I'm sorry to make you bring me tea when you're such a precious guest.
It's okay.
I didn't know what you liked, so I made some lotus leaf tea.
I heard that it's good for insomnia.
Thank you.
I asked you to come...
to ask for your help.
Yes, I was also worried.
You must have felt hurt today.
It's all because of my shortcomings.
I understand why Tae Yang wants to leave me.
I only caused trouble for him instead of treating him well...
when we met as father and son after 30 years.
But...
the reason why I can't abandon Ae Ri...
isn't because I don't know what kind of person she is.
I raised her like my own daughter for 20 years.
I can't dismiss her like this.
I understand.
It might be a one-sided love for me,
but I want to repay the debt I owe to her mom until the end.
So...
please persuade Tae Yang...
to come back to my side.
Do you know that Manager Jung...
wondered who his real dad was and missed him since he was young?
Whenever his stepdad was mean to him,
he would imagine everything about you.
How could you live your whole life without knowing your real dad?
There are some good parts.
I can imagine the most amazing dad inside my head.
In the past,
I imagined that my police neighbor in an awesome uniform was my dad.
My role model has changed recently though.
That role model was you.
He's always missed you in his heart.
You don't know how happy he was when he found out who you were.
Because you are that dad, he won't leave you ever.
Please trust him and wait a little bit longer.
You're his only blood relation.
Stay by his side even if it's tough.
I ran into you coincidentally
And you stole my heart then
And your eyes stole my heart then
Back then, wherever I went,
college girls would chase after me.
That was my heyday.
If it wasn't for Young Hye,
I would be the DJ for that famous radio show, "Music Camp",
not Bae Chul Soo.
"Lee Shin Mo's Music Camp"...
starts now.
Hey, Dong Ki. What's up?
You didn't forget today's meeting, right?
Come to my clinic in the afternoon.
Meeting?
Let me meet Choi Dae Se or whatever her name is.
Okay. Set up a date.
Hong Young Hye. You're not the one on a roll.
I'll be on a roll too from now on.
Goodness.
That was quick.
By the way, do you have her photo?
I ought to prepare myself before...
I pass out from shock after seeing her.
Don't worry.
She was pretty back then, so she aged beautifully.
Make sure you look presentable, so you don't disappoint her.
Right. Leave your car since we're going to grab some drinks.
He's right. This is a reunion after 30 years.
I ought to dress up today.
My gosh, look at my baby.
With your tiny mouth,
you're chewing your food like a cute squirrel.
Here's the meat you love.
Mother, you should eat too.
She's seven now. She can eat on her own.
You'll understand it when you reach my age.
Watching my baby eat...
makes me happier than myself eating.
Han Gyul.
Let me ask you a question.
Who is sitting next to you?
Yeon...
Mom. She's Han Gyul's mom.
Good job, Han Gyul. Eat up.
Okay, Yeon Ju.
My goodness. How could you be stupid?
How many times did I tell you?
If you take after your dad, you wouldn't repeat the same mistake.
I'll scold you if you call her by her name again.
I told you to forget about your past.
Did you get that?
You're louder than my grandfather.
No, you're louder.
Shut your mouth and eat up.
Mom, you're acting like a kid too.
Han Gyul, if you're finished, go brush your teeth.
Oh, my life.
Gosh.
After living with her grandfather, she talks like an old lady.
Hey, I'm doing this for your sake.
The mothers at Han Gyul's kindergarten...
are going to make a pack and start socializing.
Imagine if they ostracize Han Gyul. It's going to hurt Han Gyul deeply.
Be careful, all right?
That will never happen.
That's why I chose a kindergarten that no one knows about.
You should be careful not to slip out around your club members.
Don't worry. I got rid of the past in my head.
Something smells delicious.
Why are you making soup this morning?
I'm going to take some to work.
Why? Is something sick?
Yes, I heard my boss has stomach ulcer.
He doesn't have any family. I felt bad for him.
You're doing it because you feel bad, right?
What does that mean?
I mean, your boss bought you the car,
and now you're taking care of his health.
I just think if you guys are going too far.
Why would you think that way?
Where does the acorn fall?
Your dad already threw a fit to make me return the car.
- My gosh. - Did he?
I actually thought he'd be upset if he found out.
Goodness, don't add fuel to the fire.
Your dad did enough to upset me.
Okay. I'll stop now.
Right. The chairman wants to treat you guys to a meal.
He asked me to see when you guys are free. When are you free?
I don't know.
I have to talk to your dad. Let me call him.
Okay.
Forget it, Young Hye.
Do you think you're the last woman on earth?
I am going to meet a younger and prettier woman.
So goodbye now.
My skin is amazing.
Shin Mo.
My gosh. When does he clean?
Why is it messy every time I come here?
Shin Mo.
Did he go somewhere this morning?
- Shin Mo. - Why are you here?
If you were fine, why didn't you answer my call?
I rushed here because I was worried that you collapsed again.
Goodness. You wished that I was dead.
Why? Are you here to collect the insurance money after I die?
How could you say that to me?
Do you think I wanted to come here? I came because you didn't pick up.
Chairman Kevin wants us to have a meal with him and his ex-wife.
When are you free? The weekend is fine for you, right?
No, starting this weekend, I'm going to be busy every weekend.
How could you be busy on weekends? You don't have a job.
Don't you know unemployed people die from working too much?
Goodness.
I'll be so busy like the people who die from working too much.
Set it up on a Friday.
Why are you busy?
My gosh, that's none of your concern.
We graduated marriage. Why do you care?
Get out. I told you to get out.
I have to change. Come on. Out.
Why are you still here? Do you want me to strip? Get out now.
Get out right now.
My gosh.
Seriously. What's gotten into him?
He took off his pajama pants and showered.
Is he going for a job interview?
Shin Mo.
You looked down on me because I always wore...
the pajama pants, yes?
I must look really good since you can't take your eyes off me.
- What is it? - Is that how you're going to dress?
It's below 18°C today.
If you dress lightly at your age, you'll have a stroke.
Go back in and put on your winter jacket and hat.
You should see them yourself. Old men at your age wear hats.
Hey. I can't believe you.
How dare you call me old?
What do you mean I'm old? I don't look old at all.
Don't you know people live until 100 now?
If we were to compare our lives to time,
it's only 6am at the age of 25.
It's noon at the age of 50.
And as for my age, it would be 3pm...
which is the hottest time of the day.
It's the peak of a man's life.
How dare you tell me to wear a fur hat?
Unbelievable.
Gosh.
Don't you remember calling me a grandmother?
I was just being considerate. Why are you reacting like that?
Young Hye, don't you think I know what you are thinking?
It seems that you want to treat me like an old man...
after going out a few times with your boss.
But that's not going to happen.
I'm popular.
People want me to hang out with them.
And there are a lot of women who want to go on dates with me.
It's not like I didn't cheat on you because I had no one.
There were so many other women, but I wanted to protect my family.
I had to stab my thighs to stop myself.
Gosh, so are you saying that you're going on a date now?
Yes, why not? Don't you think I can?
There are women who want to go on dates with you?
I just hope you won't be conned by others.
I don't care whatever you do with them.
Oh, my. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot.
I wanted to make sure you weren't hurt.
Thank you for helping me get rid of any guilt I might have had.
And this is not your house.
Don't barge in like that.
I have a right to privacy too.
Imagine you barging in...
when I'm with my girlfriend.
Gosh, she would be so embarrassed.
Please respect my boundaries.
And don't act like an ignorant woman.
Gosh.
How dare you think of bringing a woman here?
Gosh. Oh my goodness.
Gosh, that man.
What is this about?
Is he really going out with someone?
Gosh, who would be kind enough to accept him?
Only I'd be kind enough to do that.
He even put on his perfume.
That's a little strange.
Hey.
Where are we?
"Cafe 7080"?
You said we were going to meet Theresa. Why did we come here?
She's waiting inside.
Really?
I thought we'd be having a meal.
Are we drinking tea first?
Well, it would be a little strange to have a meal...
when we're meeting for the first time in 30 years.
Right. Let's go inside.
Wait.
Do I look all right?
I feel so nervous.
Gosh.
You look fine,
but your lips look a little blue.
It seems like you have a bad liver.
You should get some medicine from my clinic.
Shut it.
I told you not to sell medicine to friends.
- It's cold. Let's go inside. - Okay.
I've only heard of places like this.
It's nice here.
It reminds me of the old days.
After 8pm, this place overflows with people around our age.
It's just like our college days.
Is Therese one of them?
She's not here yet.
What a relief.
When is she coming?
She should be here soon.
- Should we order first? - Sure.
It's snowing
After you left
She's here. Look.
It's snowing
And I feel so lonely
The warm smile
That I've seen in my dreams
Do you remember? She played the piano so well...
that she got students' attention.
I can't see it anymore
It's snowing
After you left
Shin Mo, when did you come here?
I'm crying
- This lonely night - She hasn't changed a bit.
- I am... - She was and still is...
- A lonely girl - so adorable.
How are you feeling?
Does your stomach still hurt?
Young Hye.
It was a good idea to listen to you. I'm feeling much better.
I needed to go to the office to send...
some documents to Kazakhstan, but I forgot.
Come here for a moment.
All right.
Here.
It's soup I made with tomato and cabbage this morning.
I don't think I can eat anything now.
You should take it and eat it later.
It's not good to work on an empty stomach.
You shouldn't be so nice to me.
I might end up falling in love.
Do you want to visit Deoksu Palace?
Well, no.
My dream was to become a city curator...
after my children had all grown up.
I have the certificate,
but I didn't have a chance to actually become one.
But I still want to become one, so I study these books constantly.
That's why you shine so bright.
They say that people with dreams don't age at all.
Thank you.
Thank you for the soup.
Sure.
So Hee.
Please wrap up some of the new women's golf wears.
Are these presents?
I'm going to give some presents to mothers at Han Gyul's kindergarten.
They're really stylish, so I need you to pick the best ones.
Sure.
Han Gyul must be so happy.
She used to like you so much, following you everywhere.
And now, you're her mother.
Song Yi, this will be the first and the last time I say this to you.
I want to raise Han Gyul as if she were my real child.
Don't ever talk to me about what happened in the past.
Nor should you tell anyone else about it.
Do you understand?
Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry.
Do I need to change my employees?
But Mom is right.
I should be strict...
to be her only mom.
That way, you, Han Gyul, and I won't be hurt.
Sir, Mrs. Yang is here.
My son-in-law, Doctor Lee.
Did you have lunch?
What brings you here?
What do you think? It's part of the housekeeping.
My knees hurt, probably because...
of the weather.
I thought I could use some injections to the knee.
- Please bring us tea. - Yes, sir.
Take a seat.
Does it hurt a lot?
It aches.
It's not too bad yet. You should take injections later.
In fact, my knees were just an excuse.
You must have felt a little upset this morning.
I was going to talk to you about that.
Mother, wounds don't heal if we only try to cover them up.
Even if they hurt, we must disinfect them and expose them to the sun,
so that a scab would form around the wounds and heal properly.
Gosh, are you teaching me a medical lesson?
Gosh.
I'll get some laser treatments in the next room.
This isn't right.
Both Yeon Ju and You are making a mistake.
What are you talking about?
Are you a judge?
Did you say that his name was "Ha Eun Jo"?
Why did you never try to find him?
What do you want to know?
Are you afraid that he'd have gone wrong?
That people would say that everything is your fault?
You didn't try to find him because you were afraid to face...
your fault from the past, right?
Be quiet.
Can't you shut your mouth?
How would you know how I feel to talk about that kind of nonsense?
When his father was alive,
he used up half of that vast fortune to find...
him from every corner of Korea.
There wasn't a single piece of good news then.
It's certain that he's not alive.
What use is there to try to find him now?
Why are you causing pain in my heart?
That's an excuse.
Everyone makes mistakes in life.
How you handle that mistake is what's important.
Please.
Let go of me.
What is wrong with you?
Have you lost fear of me...
just because I accepted your child...
and let you reunite with Yeon Ju?
Are you looking down at me because of that?
What is your purpose of doing this?
It's because Yeon Ju is taking the same path as yours.
Everyone knows why we divorced and reunited.
The truth won't disappear from cutting them out of our lives.
Why is the truth important?
My daughter and your daughter...
are what is important to me.
It's important to me that your daughter live a happy life.
I already told you.
If we cover a wound just because it hurts now,
it will fester, and we won't be able to treat it later.
Do you want that to happen?
Do you know how people pointed at Yeon Ju when she was young...
because she didn't have a father?
She would always cry when she came back from school.
Do you know what I told her?
"Yeon Ju, your father is on a different level..."
"than the father of your friends."
"He went to America to receive a doctorate."
"Be proud and brag about it."
That's why she wasn't disheartened.
Life and death depend on one's words.
Why would you reveal that...
and bother people?
Why would you reveal that?
Mother.
So Won.
Mom's right.
I don't think I can stand people talking behind our backs.
There can be rumors.
But as long as we don't acknowledge them,
they will just end as rumors.
Please give up this time.
You have a long way to go to become a father.
To be a parent, you have to go some steps ahead...
to clean up the pebbles in front of your children's way.
That's what parents are like.
Because of this rumor, we are scared of other people.
But we're more scared about seeing our child getting hurt.
You should just be quiet.
I'll take care of the pebbles.
Just be quiet.
Don't say anything.
Stop causing me pain with your words.
I'm going to find Ha Eun Jo.
So Won.
Don't tell your mother.
Her thoughts will change when she meets him.
I'll take care of everything, okay?
There's no use of finding him.
Mom considers him dead.
You know why I'm doing this, don't you?
I don't want you to make the same mistake like her.
The truth won't disappear...
just because you look away.
So Won.
I'm sure that Han Gyul and you will get hurt like this.
You had such a hard time because of me.
I really don't want you to get hurt anymore.
I'm not the old Ha Yeon Ju.
I chose to be strong the moment I decided to accept Han Gyul.
As long as you're by my side,
I'll even be thankful for that pain.
- Mom. - Mom.
Did you have fun today?
- How was school today? - You're here.
You're so pretty.
- You're so pretty today. - You're flattering her.
Are you the mothers of class rose?
I'm Han Gyul's mom, the new student.
I'm a little late to introduce myself.
I'd like to offer you some tea if you have the time.
Really?
We were about to get some tea.
Follow us.
- Let's go. - Okay.
Han Gyul, let's go.
I'll order 4 americanos and 4 of each kind of cake.
That will be 50 dollars.
Mom, Do Yoon made this for me.
Really?
Han Gyul, I'm going to talk with other moms.
Go and have fun with your friends.
Okay, mom.
I'll bring you the cakes.
Yes, thank you.
Put it here.
Stop there.
It's mine.
Han Gyul grabbed it first.
When did you start being on Han Gyul's side?
Here. Take this and be quiet.
You shouldn't fight with your friends.
I don't need it. I'm not a beggar.
I'll take it then.
Chun Ok!
What am I going to do?
Eun Jo.
How hard did you try to find me that night?
There weren't any rumors of you getting hit by a train.
I'm sorry.
I'm a wicked person.
Mother, haven't you left yet?
Yes, I came back...
because I was upset.
I'm sorry. I was a little harsh earlier.
No, you were right.
To be honest,
I haven't been able to sleep well at nights for the whole time.
I sometimes have nightmares...
thinking something bad might've happened to him.
I had such a hard time.
Mother.
Try to find him.
If something bad happened to him,
I'm going to take care of him.
Okay, I'll do my best to find him.
People say that if it will happen...
if it's meant to be.
We will meet if it's meant to be.
Did you say your child's name was Han Gyul?
Yes, it's Lee Han Gyul.
It's her first time in preschool. Please help her.
Is it her first time?
What kind of gifted education did she receive before this?
What? Gifted education?
Where did she receive her education?
No, I didn't do anything.
What? You didn't do anything?
How could you not let your child do anything and neglect her?
You must have been overseas with her dad, right?
Yes, that's right. We were in America.
She must've mastered English.
I'm envious.
She's still young.
Oh, right. I've brought holiday presents.
One second.
Here.
This is for Do Yoon's mom, and it's for Se Ra's mom.
It's golf wear. I'm not sure if you'll like it.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Mom. Han Gyul's so annoying.
Se Ra. You shouldn't say that to your friend.
No. She's really annoying.
She doesn't share the toy blocks.
I'm never going to play with her again.
I'm sorry.
She's still not used to a group life.
I'll warn her.
Children can have a fight.
Don't yell at her too much.
- Great. - Great.
I just bought this. Who wants to play this with me?
- Me. - Me.
Me too.
Can I join you?
You have no cards. Go away.
Idiot.
Long time no see.
You're wearing something so expensive.
You know you should thank me for it, right?
Han Gyul. Where's your mom?
It's fine. Tell me.
My mom's not here.
I'm still new to education.
If you know any good program, let me join you too.
Okay. We're going to the US to study English in June.
Apply for it if there's still a room left.
You apply for June program already?
You're so strange.
How can you be so ignorant?
Mom. Let's go home. Now.
Han Gyul. I'm talking to your friends' moms right now.
No. Let's go home, Mom. Hurry up.
What's wrong with her?
Okay.
I'm sorry. I'll leave first.
I'm sorry.
Let's go, Han Gyul.
Let's go.
What's wrong?
Awesome.
Myung Rang. What does the cow say in the first meeting?
Nice to meet you.
Then what medicine do chicks take?
Cheep.
That's enough. You don't need to practice old jokes anymore.
I postponed the meeting with my dad.
Why?
I told my dad you're the eldest son,
and he said he never wants to see you.
Getting pregnant is the only way.
No. How can we do that before getting married?
What do you mean? Would you rather want to break up then?
No. It's not that.
Anyway, I want to protect you.
You know saving up will make it go to a waste.
Joo Ae Ri took medicine and put on a suicidal show.
When would Ru Ri come back to work?
I know. Joo Ae Ri is so disgusting.
By the way, Manager Jung's not here either.
I'm not sure what's going to happen to the company.
Persuade Tae Yang so that...
he'd come back to me.
You look so pale.
Were you not able to sleep again?
I wanted to see you because I have something important to say.
That's good. I have something important too.
Actually I met Chairman Kevin yesterday.
He asked me to make you...
go back to him.
So let's start going to work with me from tomorrow.
I can't wait to go back to work.
Ru Ri. Listen to me.
Don't go to work for a while.
Get ready for the wedding at home.
Get ready for the wedding? Come on.
Do you expect me to buy a lot because you have a rich father?
I can't because I don't have any money.
I'll work instead. So let's go to work.
I'm not joking. Do as I said.
Stay away from the company for a while.
Let's go. I'll walk you home.
What's going on?
Nothing.
I just want you to relax.
Don't lie.
What's going on? Did Joo Ae Ri do something again?
Tell me.
I can tell by looking at your eyes.
Don't try to solve it yourself. Tell me.
You'll be in danger if you stay with me.
- So... - Do you think I didn't think...
about such thing when I decided to marry you?
Hurry up and tell me. What is it?
It's recorded over a few times. It might not be easy to restore.
I'm well aware. Thank you.
It's Hankuk Hospital Security Office.
You told me to call you if anyone asks for CCTV footage.
Someone just came by.
Someone came by?
The young man who came with you.
Okay. Thank you for letting me know.
Why does Jung Tae Yang want to go through it again?
Did he realize Go Jung Do is not the one?
Mr. Kim. Where are you?
Come to Hankuk Hospital immediately. Right now.
Once I restore this hard drive,
we can check the CCTV footage.
We can check who pulled off the respirator that night.
Do you have anyone suspicious?
It's probably Joo Ae Ri.
I think there's someone behind her.
I'm going to try my best to find it out.
It's probably someone from the company.
Someone who can visit the chairman's room frequently.
That also includes Director Park.
I hope it's not him.
If Director Park betrayed my father,
my father would be so sad.
Let's go.
One second.
We might not able to restore it.
I'll go meet the nurse I talked to before.
I'll go look for a witness just in case.
See you later.
Ru Ri.
Thank you.
I'd be so lonely right now...
if I hadn't met you.
You can thank me later.
Bye.
Jung Tae Yang has the hard drive with hospital CCTV footage in it.
We need to stop him by all means.
I'm sorry for asking you to meet me. You must be busy.
It's all right. What is it you want to ask me?
Do you remember...
Chairman Kevin who was hospitalized three months ago?
Of course. Did something happen to him?
No.
I heard you told his son...
that someone had disconnected his respirator on purpose.
I wanted to know if anyone had seen the culprit.
I said this before, but no one had witnessed it.
I'm really sorry,
but can you look into this again?
This is a serious problem.
All right.
I'll check the shift records.
Thank you.
It happened around 10pm on November 15.
Please check if there were any witnesses.
I'm at Myung Seong Studio Apartment.
What floor are you on?
(Myung Seong Studio Apartment)
I can't be sure of this,
but there aren't any external damages. I'll try to restore it.
How long will this take?
I need to open this up to know, but it will take at least 2 to 3 days.
This is very important, so take very good care of it.
What are you doing?
It's been 30 years. There must be a lot to talk about.
Why aren't you saying anything?
You're 60 years old. Don't be shy.
Theresa, why did you want to see me?
You didn't know that you were my first love, did you?
I had kept it a secret.
And you got married before I got the chance to tell you.
Really?
Thanks...
for meeting me like this.
You must have a happy marriage.
Do you have kids?
Sure, his life has been wonderful.
He made it to Director at Sae Gi Construction and resigned last year.
His son is a doctor, and his daughter is dating a rich man.
But he graduated marriage, so...
- Hey, stop it right there. - All right.
How have you been?
You must have had a happy life.
Of course. I did.
Shin Mo, to congratulate ourselves on having had wonderful lives,
we should sing together.
Yes, you should show off your singing skills.
Gosh, I shouldn't sing.
I haven't sung for ages. I shouldn't.
- Gosh, go on. - I shouldn't.
I have a right to privacy too.
Imagine you barging in...
when I'm with my girlfriend.
Gosh, she would be so embarrassed.
It can't be.
This is strange.
Why isn't he picking up his phone?
Don't hold yourself back
Don't hide your love
Don't ignore it
It will only hurt you
Life is about
Holding yourself back
But I guess I can be a little greedy
Everyone lives like that too
(Lee Shin Mo)
Why isn't he picking up the phone?
Is he really dating someone?
Gosh, I don't care whatever he does.
People might think I'm being jealous.
But what if he ruins everything before Ru Ri's marriage...
by causing troubles like this?
Gosh.
I had fun today.
You've always been so handsome.
Oh, my.
See you next time.
- Sure. - You promised.
Oh, my.
Why... Why are you here?
Who's that?
Who... Who... Who are you talking about?
Who's the woman who drove you home?
It's none of your business.
The contract clearly says...
that we shouldn't care about each other's dating life.
I won't say anything even if your boss drinks tea with you,
drives you home,
or gives you a car.
So you shouldn't pay attention to my private life either.
We only live once
It's a world we live in
Has he gone crazy?
Gosh.
She's young and pretty though.
It makes me feel bad.
I have a granddaughter.
She will inherit my wealth.
I am...
Hey, stop.
Are you taking these fruits upstairs?
Yes, it's dessert for Doctor Lee and Yeon Ju.
I know you're smart, but you have no wit.
They're burning up with love.
You shouldn't interrupt them with this.
Give it to me. I'll leave it upstairs quietly.
You're right.
They're so in love that they hold hands in the house too.
Gosh, if you had broken up their love forever,
you'd have been punished.
You know, there's a new movie about people in the underworld.
These people lose all their wealth and scream all day long.
- Hey! - Oh my.
Mrs. Yang, thank you for offering to help me.
Gosh, is she just plain stupid?
Or is she trying to make fun of me?
I really don't get her.
I beg you.
Raise her as your own child.
Raise her with love as if she were your child.
Make her forget that she ever had...
a mother like me.
Make her happy.
Why are you sighing?
I keep thinking about what Mom said...
when she asked you to find my brother.
That people who are destined to meet will meet?
What about it?
I'm scared that Han Gyul's real mom might come here.
Will she be released soon?
She gave up her fostering rights.
Even if she does come here, nothing will happen.
I hope so.
Han Gyul has just settled down.
It'd be inhumane to show up and distract her.
Don't worry.
If that happens, I'll teach her a lesson.
How are you going to do that?
Like this.
That tickles.
Come on. One second.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry. I didn't knock.
I'm so sorry.
Have some desserts.
I'll sleep with Han Gyul tonight in my room,
so keep doing what you were doing.
No, Mother.
- What? - Have a seat.
For what? Why would I sit here?
I'll sleep with Han Gyul.
Keep going.
Long time no see.
You're wearing something so expensive.
You know you should thank me for it, right?
I hate Aunt Su Ji.
Did you finish closing?
Yes, boss.
Boss.
You know the kid's mom who played with Se Ra today?
Han Gyul's mom.
What about her?
What's she like?
Why do you want to know?
Do you know her?
No. I'm just curious.
Right. You wouldn't have had a chance to know someone like her.
She looks rich.
But she's suspicious in some ways.
She has no history.
If you hear anything on whether...
I should keep hang out with her, let me know.
Don't worry, boss.
For a family to do well, they should get a good daughter-in-law.
I'm benefiting from you, Ru Ri.
Yes. You should be nice to her.
I'm back to you thanks to Ru Ri.
Don't worry.
I'm going to meet her parents on Friday.
Let's rush the wedding.
So I'd like to ask you a favor.
Can you tell us about yourself?
We'll have a child when we get married.
I thought I should know about you.
Sure. I was planning to tell you one day.
Did you know...
I was adopted to the US?
Yes.
Have you looked for your real parents?
I missed them for a while, but I gave up now.
I think I was born to be lonely.
I decided to accept it as my fate.
Then who's your closest friend?
I'm not sure.
People who made me stand where I am today...
would be Ae Ri's Mom and Director Park.
How did you meet Director Park?
He worked as a manager when I first opened my own restaurant.
We worked together for almost 20 years.
He's the only person I can trust.
Did you ever have any trouble...
with him?
Can't you tell after all you went through?
Director Park's obsessed with work.
He even told me to dump Ae Ri for the company...
when she caused so much trouble.
When and how did Ae Ri's mom die?
It's all my fault.
After liquidating the company in LA three years ago,
I planned to return to Korea.
Of course, it was to find you and your mom.
Ae Ri's mom and Director Park were against it.
I was stubborn.
We had big trouble.
From what I heard,
Ae Ri's mom liked you for a long time.
Even though I knew it, I couldn't accept it.
In the end, she committed suicide...
because of it.
Like I said before,
she's my savior as well as a debt in my heart.
That's why I can't turn my back on Ae Ri.
Chairman Kevin had such a sad life.
He was abandoned by his parents as a child.
Then he was adopted abroad...
and fell in love with someone.
But they broke up.
He barely became successful,
but there are enemies everywhere.
So I should stay next to him and protect him.
I'm going to find out who's behind Joo Ae Ri.
We didn't earn much today.
We only found out that Chairman Kevin trusts Director Park so much.
He's not reliable either.
The enemy's always near you.
But he told Chairman Kevin to desert Ae Ri.
He might be true to him.
I'm not going to trust anyone until I check the CCTV footage.
One second.
It's the nurse.
Yes, Nurse.
What? You've found the witness?
(Man Who Sets the Table)
We have a witness.
She saw him coming out from the room...
as soon as the alarm on the respirator went off.
They recently had the order from above...
and deleted all data related to Mr. Kim.
Are you having an affair, Mr. Lee?
I can forgive everything...
but not the affair.
Kids are coming for a party. It's going to be exhausting.
I'm looking forward to it. It's her first birthday party.
If you tell your mom you saw me,
I'm going to take you. Get it?
Jung Tae Yang's prying me.
Are you going to let him?
You're just going to use me and abandon me, aren't you?